---
layout: default
title: News June 2020
parent: News
nav_order: 13
---



## terraform-aws-jenkins - 0.0.2


2020-06-30

---


## terraform-aws-jenkins - 0.0.3


2020-06-30

---


## terraform-aws-account-security - 1.4.0
FEATURES
- Allowing client-admin/read-only role to be disabled while keeping the trust with external idp

2020-06-27

---


## docker-serverless-python - dnx2.2
- Zip added to the image.

2020-06-25

---


## one-cli - 0.4.5


2020-06-23

---


## terraform-aws-ecs - 4.3.1
BUGFIXES
- Option to disable latency alarm when threshold is set to zero

2020-06-22

---


## one-cli - 0.4.4
- Fix upload release workflow dependencies 
- Adds PyPI badge to README 
- Published to PyPI
- Include requirements inside setup and update docs
- Makes prompt, app deploy, and app registry modules
- Updates gitignore with build PyPI generated files

2020-06-22

---


## one-cli - 0.4.3
- Update README usage commands
- Adds update command using side docker container #52 
- Rollback print command to handle progress bar
- Adds update routine Dockerfile image
- Update download script with cases for each OS 
- Mounts login output volume to the CLI root folder 
- Invalid IDP config file treatment
- Unifying login commands group into a single one #49 

2020-06-19

---


## docker-serverless-python - dnx2.1
- Git added to the image

2020-06-19

---


## terraform-aws-eb-windows - 0.2.0
FEATURES
- Creates SSH keypair automatically if none is passed

2020-06-17

---


## terraform-aws-ecs-app - 4.4.1
BUGFIXES
- Using listerner to fetch ALB ARN instead of name to avoid assumption that the application uses the same ALB as the cluster

2020-06-17

---


## docker-serverless-python - dnx2
 - Adds lint and security workflows
- Adapt the test path for the new arch
- Separate Dockerfiles in folders
- Compact Dockerfile and adds cache cleanup
- Adds Makefile to build images

2020-06-16

---


## docker-aws - 1.18.79-dnx1


2020-06-15

---


## docker-aws - 2.0.22-dnx1


2020-06-15

---


## docker-serverless-python - dnx1.0
Multiple Docker images with Serverless framework and different versions of Python 3.

2020-06-12

---


## terraform-aws-gitlab-runner - 4.18.0-dnx1
- Update: Update module from fork [npalm/terraform-aws-gitlab-runner](https://github.com/npalm/terraform-aws-gitlab-runner/releases/tag/4.18.0)
- Change: Default gitlab-runner version.
- Change: Move Gitlab Agent to be a spot instance.
- Change: Move Gitlab Runner to be a on-demand instance.


2020-06-12

---


## one-cli - 0.4.2
- Printing stdout with echo #45 

2020-06-12

---


## one-cli - 0.4.1
- Instructions on how to install a specific version
- Running with Docker alias example
- Fix plugin import inside docker container #42


2020-06-11

---


## one-cli - 0.4.0
- Adds option AWS role to terraform commands.
- Application deployment support.
- Add example of app deploy in README one.yaml.
- Further refactoring of classes and apps in a more modular way.
- Implementing docker login, build, deploy, and push command.
- Fix typos.
- Small refactoring on utils.workspace to config to be more generic.
- Terraform force-unlock command.
- Mount volume to terraform init command.
- Change docker client instance to high-level API.
- Set workspace env variable to default inside the file.
- Touch empty credentials file to Dockerfile.
- Rearrange docker image installation path.

2020-06-10

---


## terraform-aws-rds-scheduler - 1.0.2
BUGFIXES
- Bug on `name_prefix` attribute of IAM role, using a random suffix with character limit instead

2020-06-09

---


## terraform-aws-ecs-app - 4.4.0
ENHANCEMENTS
- Support for multiple hostnames on listener rule

2020-06-05

---


## terraform-aws-ecs-app-front - 1.9.0
ENHANCEMENTS
- Simpler `hostnames` attribute with list of hostnames for distribution

2020-06-05

---


## terraform-aws-ecs-app-worker - 1.2.0
FEATURES
- Log export to S3 and retention

2020-06-01

---

